we have developed betting
of business in Catalonia all can say
that now of this life do not touch for two
very important things you needed a
activity that will leave you
If I continue taking care of my children I
I was looking for an activity that could
have it to my daughter at home chop the
you get it right that it would be a girlfriend or more
yes my partner then we saw this and he
we did you're going to take care of the children and the
house and I run the business and it has
allowed is really a luxury for the
that the one who care gentlemen yes yes me
really like the broken room there
I have been studying for nine years
public relations communication and
marketing and well then exercise during
some years
although he had a good job
because I come from a very family
traditional as many many of
where we have always been at home
said study because that will take you to
have a stable job and that in theory
is what will give you security and you will have
your life resolved and in the end good
in my case as in many women
it has not been like that because it is true
that he had a good job but
still did not reach the end of the month I
I raised at 33 and said I do not want
get like this to 40 husband is the one who gives
official to my husband was an official
and the truth that at 3 years when more
or less, my income was the same as
he as an official eight hours a day in
one of the events that always came
with me he said yes yes out now
I will do this with you when something we
like and when something we see that it works
we threw ourselves into the pool I wanted
do it but I did not see myself able people from
around I had like that more confidence
and I myself did not see myself and a little
little bit I'm doing it and with mother
mine is that how has transformed me
it really is a luxury for me what I
is personado is that I do not believe it or
I how can I do what I want
to me what I find very extraordinary
is this thinking well, I'm going to
work so many hours and
depending on the birds that work then
so I can earn more or less and you
do your business plan your model
custom business we do
our business is not also already
depending on income objectives
what do we want as we are our own
Heads we manage our own time
Precisely the ballet gives you the
opportunity when you have some
you will be able to handle it very
well because everything depends on you I'm going to
much when a person finds a
little his way his way of living and of
adapt to your life needs
business of everything made to order
he is always happy look when you are happy
everything flows but it is also clear
when you find a way to power
it's your life and it's more of a lifestyle
more than good in fact my partner was
25 years of employee and I have seen his
transformation of knowing what it was
able to work from house is that
Now we are happy, that is,
you get up every smile if you have
a job, let's say you're sure
some day or I 'm sure they pay you the
sure to see for me I studied economics
so my idea was not so be I do not know
something taxes because maybe a
bank director and it's already true
now look neither paying less know how much no
I'll be in an office for eight hours and
that decide those who have to decide
how much as a vacation or when it arrives
visit my family I have the
feeling that women are
better sellers than men and
men that we also hear
much better in many ways because
we are really the ones and those and the
that we carry the house children who
we organize not all of us are more
organized
and we have that facility to do 20
things at the same time and 20 we do them well
and then what happens here is today in
day the woman is as it seems
weird not a little below if not
we still have all the
rights that exams but I think that
precisely activities like this one do
that one can be in that a choice of
exactly what you want and take confidence
in itself because women
we do not have to hold bosses or that
the boss tell us you are worth 700 euros to
month because we are worth much more